# pogo_bioobs
Greetings, workshop attendee! We are very excited to see you at the Partnership for Observation of the Global Oceans (POGO) <a href="http://ocean-partners.org/pogo-workshop-machine-learning-and-artificial-intelligence-biological-oceanographic-observations">2019 Workshop on Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence in Biological Oceanographic Observations</a>. This landing page will serve as a portal to the code used in the tutorials. Each domain specific tutorial will have its own GitHub page that we will link to here.

In advance of the workshop, you will need to create an <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/">Amazon Web Services</a> (AWS) account. AWS is supporting this workshop by providing us all with credits to take advantage of their cloud computing network. At the actual workshop, you will log into your account and run your own computing instances.

When creating your account, please be sure to use your institutional email address. Once you first create your account, you will have an AWS Basic Tier account. This will allow you to explore some of their <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/">introductory material</a> to get familiar with how AWS works. Going through their <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/tutorials/backup-files-to-amazon-s3/?trk=gs_card">tutorial on storing and retriving files</a> will be particuarly relevant for those bringing their own data to the workshop. 

At least one week before the workshop, please request that AWS <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_service_limits.html">lift your service limit</a>. Service limits are automatically in place to prevent new users from accidentally starting a big computing cluster without realizing it. We will have checks in place to ensure that this does not happen at the workshop, but you will need to lift the limit to use some of the computations that we will demonstrate. 

Finally, please check back here often for updates. In particular, we will be posting format guidelines for loading your own data. We recommend doing so quickly to avoid troubleshooting at the workshop. Please be aware that the tutorial leader will not be availble to help get your data working – it is your responsibility to get it loaded in the prescribed format.
